want to make good videos that mean
something to people i want to help
people that's like something i want to
do like mr beast does
and arac does and david dobrik does i
want to do that stuff
you any kind of artist
you obviously don't have the talent you
don't have enough respect for yourself
or other people or what it is to express
yourself
the music really is a form of creativity
you suck your no talent
if you really have talco practice and to
get yourself a gig you disgrace
you are everything that's gone wrong in
this world you are self-consumed no
talent mediocre piece of [ __ ] my whole
purpose for this
is not just to be famous
i want i want to have an impact yes i
want to be an actor i want to act i'm
going to be
because i have i'm going to manifest it
into existence
just like mr beast did just like arac
did eric decker
just like david dobert did
just like any person that i look up to
dave portnoy you are nothing
you will never be anything
[Music]
never i want to make badass authentic
genuine videos i don't want to make some
bull [ __ ]
that doesn't mean anything to nobody i'm
slowly gaining
a group
that's going to come with me all the way
to the top because i'm going to be on
the top you got to have that mindset to
become something
and i'm going to become something it one
way or another i'm going to do it you
are everything that's gone wrong in this
world you're stuck consumed no talent
mediocre piece of [ __ ]
and i've earned my right to say it okay
[Music]
in 1975
i won five killing up on stage
who the [ __ ] are you i knew the grateful
dead from 1966
who the [ __ ] are you
nothing
you nothing
you are nothing
i'm just
trying to become something i'm going to
all the people that are negative and all
the people that are supporting me the
2800 subscribers i have which i'm so
[ __ ] happy that i have them the fan
base that i want are the people that
support my dreams and support having
dreams i would love to have all the
criticism good criticism good advice
what to do next and i appreciate
everyone who has given me that so far
you're flat you can't even carry a
[ __ ] note i don't care about your
little like horn but
it doesn't mean you know how to play
people are telling me you don't even
have you don't even have good content
like
i'm just trying and if you guys don't
like it i'm gonna come up with some new
content and right now i kind of just
want to like tell you guys that
right now i'm just going through trials
trying to figure out what i'm good at i
thought it was just like
you know a stroll you know i thought it
was a stroll but really it's hard work
and a run it ain't ain't nothing like it
ain't no jog
hey
do you like to eat food
do you like to eat
five star
gourmet restaurant food
then you have what it takes
to work in the back of a restaurant you
have the special talent that it takes
for your career to begin
washing dishes and scraping the grease
off a professional stove
and to end up all the way at the top
of the five-star gourmet restaurant game
yes you
start convincing yourself of it now
start talking yourself into the notion
that all the years of self-sacrifice and
misery between you and that goal
are part of an inevitable progress from
obscurity
to wealth
and fame
you like eating bread
do you think you'd like working in a
bakery
do you think you'd like working on a
farm that produces the raw materials
that eventually get made
into bread
at a bakery
you like
watching movies
you think you'd like making movies
the difference between these examples is
that there's a whole industry here on
the internet convincing you that you
have what it takes not just as a
creative artist not just as a filmmaker
not just as a youtuber but that you have
some
special talent
that predestines you to be among the
most successful people who have ever
tried their hand
at this art form
just because you have
a taste for it just because you have
what it takes to be a member of the
audience in short
just because
you like to eat
food the printed page
the written word
i grew up around people people who were
in high school with me
who thought
they wanted to write books
but they weren't interested
in writing books
they were interested in being a famous
author
they looked at the final outcome of the
process of laboring and obscurity for
years and researching them writing books
and they looked at
the final outcome
for a tiny minority
of the most successful
the most wealthy but also
the most decadent and the most corrupt
authors they looked at that lifestyle
and they thought
me too
but they had as little
interest
in writing
as you have
in working in the back kitchen
of a five-star
restaurant i'll always remember
one of them
he was a white guy from south america
who was comparing how many languages he
could speak with me
and
he agreed with me that cambodian
was the hardest language he'd ever
studied
not that he'd been to cambodia but his
whole career had been scraping the
grease
off of that gas range in the back of one
five-star hotel and one five-star
restaurant after another and he'd worked
with filipinos and he tried to learn
tagalog the philippine language well he
was wearing them he'd worked with
cambodians he'd work with chinese people
he'd worked with such an amazing array
of people without traveling the world
without really seeing anything more
interesting than what he could see out
of the front window of that restaurant
where he was laboring
all day and all night and he'd studied
something like seven or nine languages
without ever using a book by the way
without even using an app on his phone i
think i think just over a hot stove
working with
immigrants
people on temporary work visas
from around the world there's nothing
special
about
books
there's nothing special
about being a writer
there's nothing special about film
music
and there's nothing special about you
each and every one of these things
is a tool
it's held in the hand of an artist
or even a political propagandist
as a means to an end
and yes even you
even your identity especially on social
media especially on youtube on instagram
on tick tock
who you are
becomes a tool it becomes just another
tube of paint
squeezed out
to be used as raw materials
for this art form
there's nothing special
about books about writing
about broadcasting
so if you don't have a special message
to deliver if you don't have a
particular purpose
in picking up that tool
why would you do it
and why would you assume that you
deserve to become
wealthy and famous
for so doing
people are telling me you don't even
have you don't even have good content
like
i'm just trying and if you guys don't
like it i'm gonna come up with some new
content right now i'm just going through
trials trying to figure out what i'm
good at
trying like trying to find my niche so
i'm just gonna keep beta testing my
content like if i don't get views
i'm gonna try something different my mom
asked me a really simple question this
morning that had quite a complicated
answer about the book that i'm now
writing myself it's in the stage of
final revisions and believe it or not it
may now be translated into spanish too
my mom asked why did i choose to take on
the american constitution american
politics as a major theme or focus of
this book
it seemed like it was something outside
of my comfort zone that i was someone
who researched and written about
cambodia laos thailand china and various
far-flung places what i tried to explain
to her in reply
is
that although i had researched and
written about all these things far away
on planet earth sometimes remote in time
sometimes remote in space sometimes both
you know
i was always engaged in that research in
that writing in order to change things
here and now
i had a very definite idea
of the difference that i wanted to make
in the world
whether that was through research or
through writing or through
the creative arts
what i see going on on the internet is a
very strange sort of swindle in which
you yes you
are reassured that your wealth fame and
success are inevitable
because of something intrinsic and
special
about who you are
well what i'm telling you in this video
is the opposite
there's nothing special about you
there's nothing special about your book
there's nothing special about your music
and there's nothing special about your
youtube video
but if you have the kind of motivation
that i've just described to you
if you really are
trying to make the world a better place
if you're pursuing
that kind of transformational social
change in your research in your writing
in your art form
then even if you lose you win
even if you upload youtube videos that
are only seen by 500 other people
you're gonna feel a tremendous sense of
reward and accomplishment i don't
describe myself as an atheist
i describe myself as a nihilist
it isn't just the bible
that i don't believe in
any and every book that ever has been
written
any and every book that ever could be
including my own
is something i don't believe in if you
believed in your art form if you
believed in your book if you believed in
your future career
as a fashion model as a musician as a
filmmaker believe believe believe
believe until one day you wake up and
recognize the tragedy that you're in the
99.9
of people who failed
and you failed in the process of trying
to compete in making meaningless
mainstream content content that wasn't
just meaningless for your audience but
fundamentally was meaningless for
yourself except as a means to that end
of trying to be in the point one percent
in the less far less
than one percent of people who will
achieve that kind of fame what i'm
inviting you to do instead
is to think about the kind of creativity
you would engage in
if you believed in nothing at all
if you had no faith in yourself
no faith in your book
no faith in your film
or the art form of filmmaking
and above all else you had no faith
in your audience
what then
what now
what's your capacity
as a creative person
to change the world
to try your hand
in this lifetime
and making the world a better place
and will you be a better person
if you try
and in your own unique way
you fail
[Music]
[ __ ]
maybe i gotta